Allow AWS Secrets Backends use AWS Connection capabilities (#25628)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/connections/aws.rst

Extra (optional)
    Specify the extra parameters (as json dictionary) that can be used in AWS
    connection. All parameters are optional.

>     The following extra parameters used for create initial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following extra parameters used to create an initial
```

      You are responsible for renewing these.
    * ``region_name``: AWS Region for the connection.
    * ``profile_name``: The name of a profile to use listed in
      `configuration and credential file settings <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-settings>`__.

    The following extra parameters used for `assume role <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html>`__:

    * ``role_arn``: If specified, then assume this role, obtaining a set of temporary security credentials using the ``assume_role_method``.
    * ``assume_role_method``: AWS STS client method, one of
      `assume_role <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html>`__,
      `assume_role_with_saml <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRoleWithSAML.html>`__ or
      `assume_role_with_web_identity <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity.html>`__
      if not specified then **assume_role** is used.
    * ``assume_role_kwargs``: Additional **kwargs** passed to ``assume_role_method``.

>     The following extra parameters used for passed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following extra parameters used for
```
